# Restaurant-Webpage

Introduction to Online Restaurant Website Abstract- “Online Restaurant Website” is considered as an increasingly used application in restaurant management. Just a few years ago, people used to spend long time waiting for a table to be ready for them at a restaurant. 
And after that , they would wait longer time to order their food. There was no surprise that the food took too long time to prepared. In short , the whole enjoyment of eating did eventually result in boredom and tiredness for customers. From another side , this is the restaurant management and staff who used to stand much pressure to handle a lot of customers at the same time.  With great technology in genral and the This traditional system is a restaurant paper menu and ordering system is replaced with an electronic medium that is digital tablet. Due to a digitalized system , the risk of manual errors is eliminated , thus eliminating the communication barrier. This system is a web application. This system is developed to automate day to day activity of a restaurant. Restaurant is a kind of business that serves people all over world with ready-made food. The main point of developing this system is to help restaurant administrator manage the restaurant business and help customer for online ordering and reserve table. In proposed system user can search for a menu according to his choice that is according to price range and category of food and later he can order a meal. The purpose of this document is that the requirements mentioned in it should be utilized by software developer to implement the system.
 
